the failures that I am most unhappy about, um, majority of the time. For
me, it's my, uh it's personal. Um, and professional, I have a, for
example, coming up in the ranks, and this organization, you know,
came in the Navy kind of late in age and motivated as a sailor. But
I had a couple of people who thought my my job performance and everything
was amazing. But my administrative skills were not up to par.
And I guess hearing that, um, from somebody of, ah, higher ranking than
you, um, it makes you feel like you're a failure. Um, administratively.
So you you have those those questions, those conversations about
your failures and what your weaknesses and things are. And one
of those is administrative for me, And it made me second guess it made
me question myself. Um, but at the end of the day, I've learned from
it, Um, and but that's Ah, that's a failure for me to a point where
I, um when I start something, for example, working on, uh, packages
for, uh, map meritorious advancement program. When I'm working on
a package, I start to ask myself, um, am I doing this right administratively
are the words correct? Does this sentence make sense? Does
this paragraph makes sense? I second guess myself and to me, um, self
sabotage is kind of like a failure.